c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\bin\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\bin\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\bin\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.52.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.Form1.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.FormLoginPegawai.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.FormHalamanUtamaAdmin.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.FormMasterBuku.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.FormMasterPegawai.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.FormMasterPeminjam.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.FormTransaksiStokBuku.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.FormAddPeminjaman.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.FormTransaksiPeminjaman.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.FormAddPengembalian.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.FormPengembalian.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.FormLoginMahasiswa.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PerpusFormWithUI\PerpusFormWithUI\obj\Debug\PerpusFormWithUI.FormMahasiswa.resources
